br: add a note about backing up tables that are being restored (#19978)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-timeline.md

This document shows all the released TiDB versions in reverse chronological order.

> For more information about TiDB release support timelines, see the [TiDB Release Support Policy](https://pingcap.com/tidb-release-support-policy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about the support timelines for Long-Term Support (LTS) versions of TiDB, see the [TiDB Release Support Policy](https://pingcap.com/tidb-release-support-policy/).
```
